Students who fail a module, shall have one opportunity to retrieve the failure, either by re-assessment (i.e. resitting the examination and/or resubmitting coursework) or repetition. Such opportunity shall be normally provided and taken within one year of the initial failure except when, for reasons of frequency of module delivery, the Senate or a delegated authority has agreed otherwise.

Any failed module should normally be repeated within one year of the initial failure. 

The pass mark for level F, C, I and H modules is 40. There may be exceptions to this where it is required by external bodies. The pass mark for level M and D modules is 50.

Students must verify their identity during an examination sitting by means of a Student ID card or another suitable form of photographic identification (as specified in the Code of Practice on Taught Programme and Module Assessment and Feedback). Failure to do so shall constitute an examination irregularity and a disciplinary offence.

All full-time students are required to attend / engage for the whole semesters which comprise the academic year. Your contribution to taught sessions is valued and you have a responsibility to members of academic staff and to your fellow students to be diligent in this respect. For detailed information on Student Attendance and Reasonable Diligence, please visit the link above.

Persistent non-attendance, lack of engagement and / or non-submission of coursework, without good reason, could result, after due warning, in the university following the due diligence procedure to exclude a student from examinations or require a student to withdraw from the University.
A student who, for good reason, wishes to be absent from the university for any part of a semester must first obtain the permission of the Senior Tutor.

All members of academic staff (unless they are on study leave) have office hours when they guarantee to be available to see their tutees and other students. Academic staff will make their office hours known to you. If you are unable to see an academic staff member because their office hours conflict with your timetable, you can email them to arrange an alternative appointment.

You are strongly encouraged to take advantage of office hours. You can attend either individually or in a small group. As well as providing you with the opportunity to discuss material on a one-to-one basis, office hours give academic staff important information on how the module is progressing. You may also visit an academic staff member during their office hours for additional feedback on assessed coursework.

Canvas is the University's Virtual Learning Environment (VLE). You may use it to access course materials, complete and submit assignments, and view lecture recordings. Your Department, School and / or College may also use it to send you important notifications about your studies, so please ensure you check it regularly. Canvas can be accessed at the following webpage: canvas.bham.ac.uk.

There are a wide range of study spaces on campus that are open to all students. Each of these spaces has its own characteristics - some are small and quiet, others are larger and busier. We also have a number of group study rooms that students can book and use. If you would like to book a group study space or learn more about our study spaces, please speak to us at The Student Hub.

Smoking policy establishes a clear set of standards and processes for the No Smoking areas and smoking prohibition within the University of Birmingham Dubai Campus.

The facilities available in Dubai include various academic and recreational spaces such as seminar rooms (large and medium), laboratories (dry and general), IT clusters, and lecture theatres. There are also multiple amenities like prayer rooms, a library, a cafeteria, recreational lounges, and a games room. Additional facilities include an auditorium, tutorial rooms, a social learning area, meeting rooms, staff offices, and spaces for events and interviews. Practical amenities like locker rooms, a first aid room, and on-campus car parking are also available.

All students at the University of Birmingham Dubai are assigned a single person who will be their personal academic tutor. The personal academic tutor is an experienced member of the academic staff in the students' school. They will deliver academic tutorials and monitor students' progress through individual tutorial meetings which will be scheduled in advance.

There is a wide range of support available to help you take care of your physical and mental wellbeing. Support available includes things such as one-to-one advice appointments, drop-in services, workshops, self-help guides and resources as well as specialised support where appropriate. Find out more on the Your Wellbeing Intranet page.