You can view, download and print many letters using Verify, a system that students and graduates also use to view their degree documents. The letters you can access through Verify are general proof of registration / study letters.  For letters not available in Verify, you can request other letter types through our online request form. If you are on a leave of absence or are an external student, you will need to request your letters from the Taught Student Administration team via the Online Shop.

My Proof of Study allows students to access their own letters online using the Verify Secure Documents website, which is also used for students and graduates to view their degree documents. It allows students to view, download and print letters themselves, as well as to share them electronically with potential employers. The aim of My Proof of Study is to improve the student experience, enabling you to access letters quickly online when you need them, rather than needing to visit in person or wait for an online order.

In order to access your letters on Verify Secure Documents, please follow these steps: 1. Go to verify.bham.ac.uk 2. Log in using your normal student username and password 3. Click View Secure Documents 4. Click Secure Letters. This will then show you the secure letters available for you. To view your letters, click on the menu item next to each letter and then View E-Letter. This will display a PDF of your letter, which you can then download, print or share as necessary.

Proof of registration letters are available on the Secure Documents website (Verify) throughout your studies, as long as you are a normally registered student. Letters are also available for alumni who graduated from 2015/16 onwards. When a change is made to your student record (for example, you update your address, or a course transfer is completed), your letters will normally be updated by the end of the following working day. Verify letters are not available for students with the following registration statuses: Thesis awaited, Leave of absence, Externally registered. If there is a hold on your record Please ask about information on how to request a letter if your letters are not available on Verify.

You can print your letter direct from the Verify Secure Documents website if you need a paper copy.

For issues with accessing the Verify Secure Documents website, multi-factor authentication, or password resets, contact the IT Service Desk via their online portal or by phone at +44 (0) 121 414 7171.

The University provides various statements and letters that confirm student status, including Bank letters, Council tax letters, General proof of registration letters, Congregation information letters, Tuition fee letters, PGT dissertation letters, PGR letters, Proof of study letters, and Bespoke letters.

Students can view, download, and print many types of letters using the Verify Secure Documents website. If the required letter is not available online, it can be requested through an online request form. External students or those on a leave of absence need to request their letters from the Taught Student Administration team via the Online Shop.

We can post some types of letter to you. Please see the most up to date arrangements on our letter information page.

Most letters can be specifically addressed at the point of requesting the letter. However, if we have any concerns we will query it with you. 

We can only include additional information to a letter that we know to be factual, and is detailed on your student record. We cannot include any details we cannot confirm, for example details relating to your dependents. You can request additional information when placing an order for a letter, however we cannot guarantee being able to include it.

For data protection reasons we will only issue a letter to the student to whom it relates, and students must request their own letters - we will not process any requests made on behalf of someone else.

Graduates (Bachelors, Masters, PhD) receive their certificates and transcripts during the graduation ceremony in July or December (Birmingham), July (Jinan), and November (Dubai, Singapore). Those who do not attend the ceremony will have their documents posted. For non-graduatable qualifications, specific guidelines apply. Transcripts can be ordered at any time via the Secure Documents website (Verify) for courses starting from 2002 onwards, requiring university login details, which remain valid after graduation using the alumni email format. For courses before 2002, replacement transcripts can be ordered from the University Online Shop.

All students receive one transcript free of charge at completion. Additional copies of transcripts cost £10 each. If you are awarded a degree, you will be given a certificate and transcript free of charge during your graduation ceremony. If you do not attend the ceremony, or your degree is conferred by Special Warrant, you will be given the opportunity to have your certificate and transcript posted to you after the ceremony. These are also free of charge; however, if you require delivery by DHL courier, there is a £30 delivery charge. For further information, please see graduation documents.

If your course started in 2002 or later, replacement transcripts can be ordered through our Secure Documents website (Verify) and take upto 10 working days to be processed and dispatched. If your course started before 2002, replacement transcripts and can be ordered via the Online Shop, and take up to 21 working days to be processed and dispatched. Delivery times vary depending on the postage service you choose, and where you are located in the world. If you are in the UK, Royal Mail 2nd class post takes 2-3 working days. For overseas postage, airmail is estimated to take 2-3 weeks. DHL delivery times vary from country to country - please see DHL delivery times (PDF).

The University of Birmingham does not provide a stamp and signature directly onto a transcript, nor do we certify copies. However, if you have a copy of your transcript (original, photocopy or electronic copy), we can confirm in an email whether it is a genuine copy. If you are asked to provide a stamped transcript, we can provide a letter explaining that we do not stamp transcripts. If you require one of these letters, please use the Contact Us button. If you are ordering a printed transcript from us, we can stamp and sign the envelope flap. For detailed instructions on using the Secure Documents website, please ask What can I do on the Secure Documents website? 